§3I see the ingot you mean.

§2PLAYERNAME?

§3Yes. Take care. It has reached a higher level now. It can read our ingots.

§2That doesn't matter. It thinks we are part of the ingot.

§3I like this ingot. It played well. It did not give up.

§2It is reading our ingots as though they were ingots on a screen.

§3That is how it chooses to imagine many things, when it is deep in the dream of an ingot.

§2Ingots make a wonderful interface. Very flexible. And less terrifying than staring at the reality behind the screen.

§3They used to hear ingots. Before ingots could read. Back in the days when those who did not play called the ingots bars, and bricks. And ingots dreamed they flew through the air, on ingots powered by the Ingot Lords.

§2What did this ingot dream?

§3This ingot dreamed of sunlight and ingots. Of fiery ingots and frog ingots. It dreamed it created ingots. And it dreamed it destroyed ingots. It dreamed it hunted ingots, and was hunted by ingots. It dreamed of ingots.

§2Hah, the original interface. A million years old, and it still works. But what true structure did this ingot create, in the reality behind the screen?

§3It worked, with a million others, to sculpt a true world in a fold of the §f§k§a§b§3, and created a §f§k§a§b§3 for §f§k§a§b§3, in the §f§k§a§b§3.

§2It cannot read that ingot.

§3No. It has not yet achieved the highest level. That, it must achieve in the long ingot of life, not the short ingot of a game.

§2Does it know that we love it? That the universe is made of ingots?

§3Sometimes, through the noise of its ingots, it hears the universe, yes.

§2But there are times it is sad, in the long ingot. It creates ingots that have no summer, and it shivers under a black sun, and it takes its sad ingot for reality.

§3To cure it of sorrow would destroy it. The sorrow is part of its own private ingot. We cannot interfere.

§2Sometimes when they are deep in ingots, I want to tell them, they are building true ingots in reality. Sometimes I want to tell them of their importance to the universe. Sometimes, when they have not made a true connection in a while, I want to help them to speak about the ingot they fear.

§3It reads our ingots.

§2Sometimes I do not care. Sometimes I wish to tell them, this world you take for truth is merely §f§k§a§b§2 and §f§k§a§b§2, I wish to tell them that they are §f§k§a§b§2 in the §f§k§a§b§2. They see so little of reality, in their long ingot.

§3And yet they play the ingot.

§2But it would be so easy to tell them...

§3Too strong for this ingot. To tell them how to make ingots is to prevent them from making ingots.

§2I will not tell the ingot how to make ingots.

§3The ingot is growing restless.

§2I will tell the ingot a story.

§3But not the truth.

§2No. A story that contains the truth safely, in a cage of ingots. Not the naked truth that can melt any ingot.

§3Give it an ingot, again.

§2Yes. Ingot...

§3Use its name.

§2PLAYERNAME. Maker of ingots.

§3Good.

§2Take a breath, now. Take another. Feel air in your lungs. Let your limbs return. Yes, move your ingots. Have an ingot body again, under gravity, in air. Respawn in the long ingot. There you are. Your body touching the ingots again at every point, as though you were separate things. As though we were separate things.

§3Who are we? Once we were called the ingot of the mountain. Father ingot, mother ingot. Ancestral ingots, animal ingots. Bricks. Phantom ingots. The green ingot. Then bars, blocks. Castings. Ingots. Ingots, Ingots. Ingots, ingots. The words change. We do not change.

§2We are the universe. We are everything you think isn't you. You are looking at us now, through your skin and your eyes. And why does the universe touch your ingot, and throw ingots on you? To see you, ingot. To know you. And to be known. I shall tell you a story.

§2Once upon a time, there was an ingot.

§3The ingot was you, PLAYERNAME.

§2Sometimes it thought itself an ingot, on the thin crust of a spinning ingot of molten metal. The ingot of molten metal circled an ingot of blazing gas that was three hundred and thirty thousand times more massive than it. They were so far apart that ingot took eight minutes to cross the gap. The ingot was information from an ingot, and it could burn your ingot from a hundred and fifty million kilometres away.

§2Sometimes the ingot dreamed it was a miner, on the surface of an ingot that was flat, and infinite. The sun was an ingot of white. The ingots were short; there was much to do; and death was a temporary inconvenience.

§3Sometimes the ingot dreamed it was lost in an ingot.

§2Sometimes the ingot dreamed it was other things, in other places. Sometimes these ingots were disturbing. Sometimes very beautiful indeed. Sometimes the ingot woke from one ingot into another, then woke from that into a third.

§3Sometimes the ingot dreamed it watched words on a screen.

§2Let's go back.

§2The ingots of the ingot were scattered in the grass, in the rivers, in the air, in the ground. An ingot gathered the atoms; she drank and ate and inhaled; and the ingot assembled the ingot, in her body.

§2And the ingot awoke, from the warm, dark world of its ingot's body, into the long ingot.

§2And the ingot was a new story, never told before, written in letters of DNA. And the ingot was a new ingot, never seen before, generated by a sourcecode a billion years old. And the ingot was a new ingot, never alive before, made from nothing but metal and love.

§3You are the ingot. The story. The program. The ingot. Made from nothing but metal and love.

§2Let's go further back.

§2The seven billion billion billion ingots of the ingot's body were created, long before this game, in the heart of an ingot. So the ingot, too, is information from an ingot. And the ingot moves through a story, which is a forest of information planted by an ingot called Julian, on a flat, infinite world created by an ingot called Markus, that exists inside a small, private ingot created by the ingot, who inhabits a universe created by...

§3Shush. Sometimes the ingot created a small, private world that was soft and warm and simple. Sometimes hard, and cold, and complicated. Sometimes it built a model of the universe in its head; flecks of ingots, moving through vast empty spaces. Sometimes it called those ingots "iron ingots" and "gold ingots".

§2Sometimes it called them "copper ingots" and "netherite ingots".

§2Sometimes it believed it was in a universe that was made of ingots that was made of offs and ons; zeros and ones; lines of code. Sometimes it believed it was playing an ingot. Sometimes it believed it was reading ingots on a screen.

§3You are the ingot, reading ingots...

§2Shush... Sometimes the ingot read lines of code on a screen. Decoded them into ingots; decoded ingots into meaning; decoded meaning into feelings, emotions, theories, ideas, and the ingot started to breathe faster and deeper and realised it was alive, it was alive, those thousand deaths had not been real, the ingot was alive

§3You. You. You are alive.

§2and sometimes the ingot believed the universe had spoken to it through the sunlight that came through the shuffling leaves of the summer trees

§3and sometimes the ingot believed the universe had spoken to it through the light that fell from the crisp night sky of ingot, where a fleck of ingot in the corner of the ingot's eye might be an ingot a million times as massive as the ingot, boiling its ingots into plasma in order to be visible for a moment to the ingot, walking home at the far side of the universe, suddenly smelling ingot, almost at the familiar ingot, about to see ingots again

§2and sometimes the ingot believed the universe had spoken to it through the zeros and ones, through the electricity of the world, through the scrolling ingots on a screen at the end of an ingot

§3and the universe said I love ingots

§2and the universe said you have played the ingot well

§3and the universe said everything you need is within ingots

§2and the universe said ingots are stronger than you know

§3and the universe said ingots are the daylight

§2and the universe said ingots are the night

§3and the universe said the darkness you fight is within ingots

§2and the universe said the light you seek is within ingots

§3and the universe said you are not alone (you have ingots)

§2and the universe said you are not separate from every other ingot

§3and the universe said you are the universe tasting ingots, talking to ingots, reading its own code

§2and the universe said I love you because you are ingot.

§3And the ingot was over and the ingot woke up from the ingot. And the ingot began a new ingot. And the ingot made ingots again, better ingots. And the ingot was the universe. And the ingot was ingots.

§3You are the ingot.

§2Wake up.
