§f[Funny text here]
How strong would pure netherite be?
§cIt's like processed grocery store meat
I'm 100% gonna try and get the pack on the bedrock store when I'm done
§6Peepeepoopoo
Merciful god end my miserable existence
I don't have any ideas, my apologies..
I'm not putting the entire bee movie script on here, dude!
My name is Yoshikage Kira. I'm 33 years old. My house is in the northeast section of Morioh, where all the villas are, and I am not married. I work as an employee for the Kame Yu department stores, and I get home every day by 8 PM at the latest. I don't smoke, but I occasionally drink. I'm in bed by 11 PM, and make sure I get eight hours of sleep, no matter what. After having a glass of warm milk and doing about twenty minutes of stretches before going to bed, I usually have no problems sleeping until morning. Just like a baby, I wake up without any fatigue or stress in the morning. I was told there were no issues at my last check-up. I'm trying to explain that I'm a person who wishes to live a very quiet life. I take care not to trouble myself with any enemies, like winning and losing, that would cause me to lose sleep at night. That is how I deal with society, and I know that is what brings me happiness. Although, if I were to fight I wouldn't lose to anyone.
Yoshikage Kira copypasta
Ok I got another cursed one
Wait is there a character limit or smth?
Oh, so you like Minecraft? Name every ingot /==
§fGod I wanna fuck the villagers so bad. I was to fondle and suck their juicy floppy noses until my pants are stained white from how hard and often I've been creaming myself over their delicious sexy magnificence
I'll take a double triple bossy deluxe, on a raft, four by four animal style, extra shingles with a shimmy and a squeeze, light axle grease, make it cry, burn it, and let it swim.
§aThis Table is for Crapping
§8SMH: Sh8tting My Hanes
My prison pocket takes no prisoners
§6Marcato was here :)
§4B
Retcon!
Smash Mouth All Star or something
§4U-656
Come on team we need more splash text!
Funnier than Jimmy Kimmel
Ingot is Love, Ingot is life
§bOops, All Ingots
ok
The original Minecraft
§fIngot
Give me more
I'll do those
There has to be a way
§7Finally! Brown Bricks in Minecrap!
Succ is just short of Success
F@ck Pronouns!
F@ck You implies that the target is sexy
§6Reddit moment
Minecraft Ingot Edition
Johnson does not like murder, he loves it
Keep the memes out of general
We love clowns!
POG
Reddit Moment
Wholesome death
splashes.txt
Updated localization files
Ni!
Soggy Sleeves
"If Herobrine isn't real, then how did my dad die of a Herobrine overdose?"
Diorite is literal bird shit
Granite tastes like barf
I like big box and I cannot lie
Organize your chests!
§1§lKevinposting is illegal in general-2
§5Purple
§4Red§r§6Orange§r§Yellow§r§2Green§r§1Blue§r§5Purple§r
